>> Estelle Weyl: So
let's take a look at perspective.
There is two ways to declare perspective,
either you can declare it as the first
value, the first function
of the transform property.
If it is not the first,
it doesn't do anything.
Okay, so you always want to start with
perspective if you are doing 3D transforms
and you're going include perspective.
>> Estelle Weyl: So perspective, you
can put the perspective property itself on
an individual element or on the parent.
And the difference between putting it
on an individual element versus on
the parent is if you put it on the parent,
all of it's children will have
the same perspective so
they'll all go out or whatever.
And if you put it on each individual one,
each will look the exact same.
I'll show you an example of that, I think.
So here, we have a perspective of 40.
We can also have a perspective of 400,
0r a 4.
And 4's gonna look crazy, whoops.
>> Estelle Weyl: Right,
the smaller the number,
it's basically this is 4 pixels
from my eyeball.
>> Speaker 2: Wow.
>> Estelle Weyl: And this is 40 pixels
from my eyeball, and
this is 400 pixels from my eyeball.
And so if we rotate it 80 degrees,
and then we do 40,
>> Estelle Weyl: It's basically,
I have this piece of paper
right here that says RSVP on
it.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
remember that the prospective
function must come first and
that smaller numbers are basically
closer to you eye and
will have a bigger impact.
>> Estelle Weyl: So here,
I put the perspective on the parent.
>> Estelle Weyl: And
it looks almost the same, right?
Doesn't make much of a difference
when there's one, but
you can really see it when
you have multiple elements.
And here's that.
You see, here, the perspective of
400 pixels is put on the child.
And these three look identical.
Whereas here I put 400 pixels on
the parent's, and you're basically looking
at it from here, and so it's all of them
are basically angling to the same point.
So you'll generally, if you have one
element, just put it on the child.
If you have multiple elements and
you're doing a city scene or
something like that,
put it on the parent of the whole thing.
Okay, next we're gonna
cover perspective origin.
So right now, we've been basically
staring at it dead center.
Perspective-origin, you can give it an x
or a y and it's basically where the viewer
appears to be looking at the child.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
here I have two of them.
I have a perspective from the top left and
perspective from the top right.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
each one of these has perspective of 100.
Let's make it 60,
to make it more obnoxious,
let's make it 120, so
it's more reasonable.
So this is number one and
this is number two,
I believe.
>> Estelle Weyl: Top right?
Okay, yeah.
>> Estelle Weyl: And
this is center, default is center, right,
top right.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
let's just look at this.
So one of them is top right and
the other one is just right.
Let's do center right.
>> Estelle Weyl: It's
not that much of a difference.
You can play around with it until
you figure out what you like.
Just realize this is perspective-origin.
You can actually say,
I'm looking at it from here.
I'm looking at it from there.
>> Estelle Weyl: Perspective
origin only works if
the perspective is on the parents.
Here it's on the child, and
it has no impact whatsoever.
If you look at this in the previous one,
same thing.
So here,
I'm looking at it from over to the right.
That's perspective-origin.
Transform-origin is
something you're gonna use
all the time and
it doesn't have to be a 3D element.
So basically, it's where,
when you rotate something,
rotating it right now by default
it's the center of that element.
But you can also make
it the upper corner or
you can make it somewhere completely else.
Here the transform-origin property
is in the upper left hand corner,
it is rotating around
this mark right there.
120, right?
So no matter where I do it,
that top corner is always gonna be
touching.
>> Estelle Weyl: Right,
you see how it's always touching?
320, it's always touching.
Now let's do bottom,
>> Estelle Weyl: Whoop, bottom right.
So this corner right
here is always touching.
It looks like it's not touching cuz
these shadows are overlapping, but
that little corner right there,
it's on top of it.
So 120,
>> Estelle Weyl: 220,
>> Estelle Weyl: 320 and then 420,
cuz 420 is a cool number.